Add documentation about legacy cb-auto files (#9011)
certbot/certbot: letsencrypt-auto-source/README.md

# Legacy letsencrypt-auto files

> certbot-auto and letsencrypt-auto were two names for the same self updating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`certbot-auto` and `letsencrypt-auto` were two names for the same self-updating
```

shell script that wrapped Certbot. Old versions of the script continue to rely

> on letsencrypt-auto and letsencrypt-auto.sig in this directory to download and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on pulling `letsencrypt-auto` and `letsencrypt-auto.sig` from this directory hosted on Github to download and
```
